Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to create the bottom navigation bar.
Okay?
Now, what we can do is we can head over to the main to that file, and for the now, we can change
this to be the customer.
Customer.
Home screen.
And we have to that.
Well, let's restart and back to the customer home screen.
We can use control and bait to make this fight, and we have to get rid of this.
Center and even the body can just get rid of this for now.
Okay.
Now, is control necessary?
And over here, we're going to have a bottom navigation bar.
Now, within the scaffold, the scaffold has a property known as bottom navigation bar.
And this is going to be bottom.
Bottom navigation bar.
You can see it has a property known as items.
The item is basically referring to how many?
Bottom navigation bar we need or how many bottom navigation bar items we need and.
Over here within the list, we are going to say bottom navigation bar item.
And you can see it's asking for Nikon widgets.
There's going to be icon.
And I caused.
Dodds.
Home.
Home and the bottom navigation bar.
Hotham has well, has a property known as Bear.
So we're going to call this home and we can copy this.
And pasted.
It's three times and we have to have a trainer come out via the trainer come over here and the tree
will come away and we can use control and save.
Okay.
And we're going to change this to this is going to be.
Klutzy.
This is going to be.
We can just say such.
Search for now and.
This is going to be category.
You can just call this category.
Okay.
And for this, I'm just going to check this out.
You can see it over here.
You can see this, right?
Okay.
We just have to look for this.
This is going to be icons, dots.
Stores.
Because this tour of this store and this or we can just say, okay, let's check this icon out and see.
Okay.
Let's just use shop.
I consider the shop.
I caused the shop and you try and save.
Okay.
I think this is more better and this is going to be short.
Now we can compete this again.
And paste this should be for.
The shopping cart so you can see it across the shop in Japan.
Chopin on the score cards.
So.
Who's going to do this?
Chopin on the score.
Cards.
Okay.
And this is going to be.
Cards.
Okay.
We need two more for.
The one more.
Can we have?
Okay.
You can just hide the trachoma.
How do you turn a coma and had your coma?
Okay.
We have one, two, three, four.
We can.
One, two, three, four.
So you can also duplicate this and paste.
Okay.
And this is going to be four icons.
Start person.
I caused that person.
Person and.
How do you take over?
And this is going to be pro fi.
Okay.
Now you can try and save.
And you can see we can see this.
So what we can do is within the bottom navigation bar over here we can see selected.
So in order or via.
This should be.
Sorry.
Before the items selected.
Item color is going to be colors that san.
And the on selected.
On selected items.
Color is going to be colors that black.
These are unnecessary and go check it out now.
Okay.
Great.
Sounds good, right?
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.